hey guys so today I am here with this
light I in rebel lip tutorial for you we
get started on taking my Urban Decay
eyeshadow primer potion as usual and
applying that all over my lids for the
light lid shade I'm taking my steal a
single eyeshadow in kitten which is a
really nice pretty champagne color and
applying this all over the lids taking
this buxom palette in belly dance and
I'm taking the middle color which is
like a topi light purple shade and i'm
using a super fluffy brush to windshield
wiper motion this into my crease just to
kind of create some definite in my
L'Oreal linear intense felt-tip liquid
eyeliner to create a kind of medium
thickness wing
of course for the waterline i'm using my
marc jacobs eyeliner in black ER for
mascara again my clinic high impact
waterproof and the dior diorshow as
usual
for the cheeks i'm taking my Tarte
Amazonian clay blush and exposed and I'm
using kind of a tighter denser contour
brush and really Halloween out my cheeks
with this
I'm taking my mac mineralize skinfinish
and soft and gentle and using that as my
highlight for the lips i'm starting with
my mac night moss lip liner outlining my
lips and then filling it
and to top it off i'm using my mac
lipstick in rebel
I've been losing sleep dreaming about
the things we not sure why I included
this but this is just me cleaning up the
edges with a clean angled brush hope you
guys enjoyed this look make sure to
subscribe to my channel if you'd like to
see more bye